Confident, 163cm tall, long-haired brunette, weighing 53kg: Isabel, also known as Christina, Cristina Bella. Isabel Schoeps was born on July 16, 1983, in Soemmerda, Thuringia, Germany. Mother of a daughter and a divorced single woman. I love good sex and have been living out my desire and passion for over 22 years. There has almost always (at least in the last 16 years) been a camera involved.

Whether it was implemented in the TV – and since 2002/03 almost every television – or direct recordings. It never bothered me, on the contrary. What I clearly reject, however, is the fact that, without my knowledge, sex recordings of me and my partners were stolen, manipulated, and used in mainly German pornographic productions, as well as distributed via platforms such as Pornhub, YouPorn, XHamster, or similar sites. In this context, I and my former partners were replaced by fake actors, identities, and deepfakes or artificially generated performers.

Third parties have financially and publicly profited from this to this day – and were even awarded at events like the Venus Awards. While we, the actual performers, have so far come away empty-handed and are even supposed to be held accountable for actions that never took place. I deeply condemn and reject pedocriminal networks and any trivialization or tolerance of an attitude in which children, adolescents, or teenagers are forced into sex or depicted as such.

I also want to clarify this on behalf of my former partners and ensure that financial compensation is guaranteed for all those involved.

In addition, I officially challenged the porn actress with her performer account: Aletta Ocean, live and unscripted on stage, to prove her skills, since especially in her recordings, sex scenes were used as templates and she financially benefited from it. Regarding Christina Bella, who, especially during my very active time on Pornhub, represented both me and herself, and where there was an extreme merging of space-time – virtually, I will use this name, which was a pseudonym from the beginning, derived from her first name Cristina and mine Isabel -> ChristinaBella, and this and only this will be my performer name on Pornhub for future recordings.

My excessive sex life (when I have it again) is my balance to an everyday life full of responsibility. Although I am submissive in bed, I am the one who decides in advance when, how, and with whom. Due to the fact that my life is a bit different from that of ordinary mortals and, above all, because I have worked around the clock for the last 3 years, my sex life has fallen asleep and nothing has happened for a year, especially since the right partner is missing here in the Thuringian state capital Erfurt.

But here, too, there is an end in sight, as my life will change for the better, and I will celebrate my personal ‘Fick-Freiheits-Party’ in a beautiful setting, relaxed and among pleasant people. Just like in the past, without a script – simply surrender and let go. Since it should also be a varied experience for the men, I want to invite Aletta Ocean, Cristina Bella, dark-skinned Jasmin, and selected American performers. Excluding my family Knörig-Thiel-Schöps – for you, there will be the elite Ritz Carlton Love Boat in winter.

When should my ‘Fick-Freiheits-Party’ take place? Well, best yesterday already. Every day I wait for the bank, the government, or my family to pick me up and say: your money is in your Postbank account, and you can go to your house. I would like to expressly mention that every day I am longer without financial means, and this has been the case since July, I have to be afraid that I have to leave the apartment with my dog Don because I cannot pay the rent, which is still open. In addition, I want to make it clear that I am neither a police officer, informant, nor an agent of the intelligence service. I am who I am, with a historical family past that needs to be clarified.

Good sex does not depend on the dick; good sex is the result of two people who find each other attractive.

With love and a kiss, yours, Isabel

Should anyone have claims or want to clarify something with me:
